fix(content): Update the description of `Hai Reveal [B08] Syndicate Internal Affairs` and fix log's wording (#9176)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 5 philosophers.txt

		has "Hai Reveal [B07-1] Boarded Smuggler: done"
	on offer
		fail "Hai Reveal [B02-S] Republic Intelligence Stalkers"

> 		log `Giti tripped an alert which places you both under the jurisdiction of a Syndicate Internal Affairs investigation. You've been told to go directly to Hephaestus.`

Reviewer: Logs are written in a personless form, not referring to the player in the first, second, or third person.
```suggestion
		log `Have been placed under investigation by Syndicate Internal Affairs alongside Giti after she tripped an alert.. Ordered to go directly to Hephaestus.`
```
